so I'm starting at the end of the story
here this is an email I received today
and this is not the first time that
Michael has threatened to make our
private email public apparently it's
going ahead with it and so that is what
has forced me to make this video sharing
private correspondence with you the
audience cuz he's gonna do it anyway and
he's made it very clear that he's gonna
do this to try to blacken my character
or show everyone what a terrible
manipulative person I am again it's not
as if I'm out here even disputing that
I'm a terrible person but go ahead
Michael
this I'm showing first because it is the
reason why I'm sharing correspondents in
the rest this video that otherwise I
would have treated as extremely
sensitive extremely private and would
have taken to my grave with me as a
secret this is a sample of the kind of
email I sent Michael this is relatively
early in our correspondence and I think
he interprets my tone of voice here as
somehow being manipulative somehow
having a hidden agenda he responds this
in quite a paranoid and offensive way
but really those of you who have gotten
used to hearing the sound of my voice
over 700 videos will see I really am
trying to help the situation I am trying
to make a difficult situation better and
I imagine I sympathized the joys and I
imagine he's in a very difficult
situation but anyway obviously I've only
made things worse and for that again I
apologize already made an apology video
and I you know look I feel sorry for the
guy anyway I wrote here Michael you must
be aware that I have been good to you
for these many months when you were a
complete stranger on some level you must
be aware that I have been good to you
today during this strange correspondence
it was a day where he sent me a ton of
email all in one day
I'm only not sharing at all because it
would bore you to tears but whatever I
guess in his video he's gonna he's
threatened to share everything so I
guess he's gonna put up every single
email he ever wrote me and every email I
sent to him I don't even want to read
that stuff again but anyway or perhaps
you can see it when you calm down and
reread it considering again that I am
NOT a mind reader
and again I simply believed what Hannah
told me I was not as you insanely
suggest frustrated was persuaded by
durianrider I was persuaded by Hannah
herself I was not as you insanely
suggested persuaded by Doreen Ryder I
was
by hannah herself so in this video you
were gonna see what Hannah told me which
can I assume was totally private
correspondence I would take to my grave
a secret but no Michael is putting this
stuff on the internet so therefore I
have to put it in the internet which is
a very strange position he put me in I
don't know why he did this to me I don't
know why he did it to himself it's
really a very sad day in many ways um I
take no joy in it believe me but anyway
what's being eluded here to here is that
indeed a lot of the email I got from
Michael really seemed insane to me where
he was saying like I was as if I was
working for durian writers if I was
consciously an intentionally supporting
during writers position if you've seen
my earlier video you already have a
pretty clear idea of what what the
underlying issue is here he was
expecting me to read between the lines
and to interpret the truth as being the
exact opposite of what both he and
Hannah had said was the truth both both
privately and publicly I know that you
think you have nothing to apologize for
in this correspondence period you're
wrong period and I know that you think I
owe you an apology you're wrong about
that too for precisely the same reason
all I did was believe what Hannah told
me directly and what she stated publicly
that's what anyone should do I treated
Hannah's version as factual and what
you're telling me now instead is that
she was lying and that you've been
continuing to lie to me even today
actually but that I should have known
telepathically that she was lying and
thus I should have disregarded what she
actually said both publicly and
privately that is unreasonable for my
perspective that is insane you spent a
lot of time judging others as insane you
seem to think that my videos Vanina and
Aranda were insane perhaps even without
seeing them etc yeah he really had a
strong opinion about that but what he
said really didn't resemble what I said
in the videos well have you seen the
video it seems like your opinion is not
based on watching those videos um anyway
perhaps that he was seen the videos they
actually offer a pretty sophisticated
political argument like he doesn't seem
to be aware of what I was saying the
videos perhaps you can reread this
correspondence you can recognize how
genuinely insane that must seem to be
from my perspective given the
information I had from Hannah's public
statements
and from our very limited private
communication basically one Skype
telephone call and some email that
you're about to see on screen in the
next few minutes no Michael I'm not
gonna stop writing to Hannah he makes a
big deal of this that I shouldn't write
to Hannah
in fact Hannah did reply to my emails
after he started alleging that she
didn't receive any of my email anymore
she kept receiving and kept replying to
my email and I think I think she's
interested in keeping an eye on this
situation probably interesting keeping
an eye on her boyfriend I wrote to her
with sincere concern just a few times
per year even though she did not write
to me in the past both of you recognized
my good intentions of this affair
if temporarily you are so upset for some
reason that you can't recognize these
good attentions and indeed good actions
on my part I can only hope that when you
are less upset you will remember
yourselves and you will remember me too
for who you know me to be so this is me
really trying to be positive in a
tremendously negative situation I've
been put in a know what can I do to make
it better it's really terrible and I
want to say he later I believe it was
right after seeing like he got very
offended in me because of my use of the
word affair I said in the past both of
you recognized my good intentions in
this affair English is his second
language and he took this as an insult
as if the word a fair meant that I
believed that it like I believed
Hartley's version and that it wasn't
rape or something that's it of look now
in the English language that's not the
meaning of the word affair and I
actually quoted the dictionaries like
look look up affair you know in this
affair means in this set of
circumstances in this complex situation
so you know I really did try to placate
Michael but there there is no pleasing
some people it only got worse so this
was sort of at a middle point in the
controversy where I thought it was
settled and I wasn't gonna have to deal
with this or nor vegan anymore he sent
me some emails that did include an
apology he did apologize to me and I had
made this big effort I mean again like
you know I am sorry I feel bad for this
guy I feel bad with situations in but
all I can do is ask him to recognize I'm
working with the information I had
including information directly from
Hannah and it's flawed and confusing and
internally self contradictory and what
you're saying to me now is not the same
as soon as what he said to me one email
earlier or something you know I'm doing
the best I can
he made this public statement this was a
comment series
comments you know kind of blackening my
character beneath a video from Joe best
I don't really care about it but it led
me to ask the question you'll see I
asked his girlfriend Hannah look how do
you expect me to respond to this this is
just not true that that good relations
between me and nor vegan fell apart
because he we had a discussion about
Nina and Randa
I was totally willing to discuss Nina in
her hand with them I wrote to him and
also I offered partly just to calm him
down if you wanted to talk to me on
skype and once actively melts look if
you want to disgust in those videos we
can but obviously you know the breakdown
in communication between us was about
the R word so I'm gonna show here on
camera briefly without reading it out
this is my writing to Hana and I
included noir vegan as a recipient also
saying look this is ridiculous and it
was after I put in a lot of hours I
think this at one point it mentions how
many hours that put in writing Dorothy
again it's a very difficult situation
and believe me like I'm not self fitting
like I don't think I'm the one who
suffered terribly I totally recognize
that nor vegan and Hannah
must be going through hell in this
situation but you know I'm just trying
to help
what do you want me to do you know again
my what I've said about this publicly is
based on what Hannah said about this
publicly most people when they talk
about rape say believe the victim well
in this case the victim publicly said
that there was no rape how can you
possibly expect me to be supportive for
a position you yourselves have never
publicly taken or never at this point
hey guys I've said many times on this
channel that sympathy is important first
and foremost as an analytical tool
sympathizing with people is not really
an end in itself sometimes it is but
it's most important when we use sympathy
to understand a situation to understand
what motivates the other person to
understand what their options are what
they're going to do next this kind of
thing my interactions with
also known as noir vegan have been
really depressing I've got to say and
I've dealt with a lot of you know very
eccentric characters in veganism I have
received abusive emails from a lot of
eccentric characters in veganism and
sadly you know noir vegan is his one you
know I'm more surprised than anyone else
that my my relationship with noir vegan
took this turn there was a time when he
was just a guy I didn't even know who he
was I didn't know he was Hanna's
boyfriend he was just some guy writing
to me saying that he was putting
together a documentary about the daring
writer thing and he asked me for legal
documents which I provided to him again
generally pretty much everyone who wrote
to me asking for legal documents or
receipts from the court case I did
provide them so him again he was a
complete stranger he just told me he was
and at that time he didn't have a
YouTube channel we didn't have when he
linked me to he was just saying he was
planning to put together this in-depth
documentary he has for some legal
documents he asked some specific
questions about in what video on YouTube
did you discuss this issue or that issue
and I managed to remember which which
videos he was looking for in this kind
of thing but I had no I had no
connection with him personally and then
later I figure out oh oh okay so this is
actually the same first name Michael
Michael Zurich on first name who's
Hannah's boyfriend and then you know the
the actual I mean months later it took
months his his documentary series
started coming out so I didn't bear the
guy any ill-will you know I'm also not
particularly a fan of his videos I've
stated you know my reasons in the past I
have reservations about his approach in
many ways including his you know
psychological diagnosis of durianrider
but in terms of what this video is
unfortunately you know this long series
of abusive emails have gotten from
Michael in which I have tried to placate
him I've tried to reassure him a threat
to address his concerns it just got
worse and worse and worse and finally I
made this apology video for him that
doesn't satisfy him either so you know
last things first I will put up on
screen here the most recent email I got
from Michael where he says again he's
gonna take all of our private
correspondence and put it on the
internet so that he can show everyone
what a terrible person I am
I think that's counterproductive first
and foremost because I already identify
as a terrible person I tell everyone I'm
a terrible
there's no point him trying to prove him
a terrible person I would've told you
that myself
so this email you guys have already seen
on screen you saw it in two halves and I
read it out loud this is the last email
I sent to both Michael and Hannah before
the reply received from Hannah that
you're about to see on screen next so in
part she was replying to this message
and of course in part she was replying
to all the different issues Michael and
I have been talking about in 20 or 50
emails part of this I don't know the
number so this is a deeply personal
email from Hannah to myself that I wish
I didn't have to post on the internet
but again Michael has now stated
repeatedly and definitively that he is
going to post all of our private
correspondence the internet and that
he's doing it specifically in order to
defame me in order to show everyone what
a terrible person I am wish nobody's
debating so in exactly those
circumstances that I have already
described that is why you are now seeing
this email and is indeed inconsistent
with some of the things Michael told me
in correspondence and not with others
it's inconsistent with some of the
things publicly and privately said and
not with others although again I do
sympathise she writes to me saying hey
eyes oh I don't want to talk about this
it's extremely painful it actually
brings her to tears to even write the
email she recalls the Skype call we had
in which she did not in any way suggest
that there was rape she says here in my
recollection is that you were under the
impression that dr was flat-out lying
that her there had been any sexual
contact of any type and were advising me
that I could just deny it my response
was simply to say that I actually
couldn't do that so you know that's this
is approximately correct when we started
the Skype call to my knowledge based on
her video I I thought that during writer
was lying that they had any kind of
sexual relationship whatsoever because
of the contrast me what during write
over saying what she was saying and you
know so she told me via Skype in that
call that they did have sex and there
was again absolutely as she says here
too in her recollection there was no
discussion of the artwork there was no
discussion of rape or rape allegations
she asked is that in line with what you
were called to
what assured in my video was that he did
not take no for an answer and continued
oppressed from war that is 100% true I
did not suddenly change my mind and give
him consent I chose not to share the
full story in my video for a couple of
reasons firstly I didn't really know how
to explain what had happened rave is a
big word which most people think is a
case of a stranger jumping up remind a
tree
I didn't want to use that word as I knew
that it would create a storm of
controversy that I did not want to be a
part of that was wishful thinking
secondly in my video was intended to
defend you against the specific
allegations that dr was making the main
ones being that you were predator and
messaging loss girls to invite them back
to your hotel to ask them for sex so
again there was no reason for nor vegan
to continue bullying me about this issue
there was no reason for my for Michael
to be posting our private course was a
deeply personal matter
so why not just let it be deeply
personal beyond that this is somewhat
different from the narrative which is
given even in the emails already shown
on this video from from nor vegan in
which he's saying that the issue was
that Hannah publicly said there was no
rape because she was forced to do so in
some kind of blackmail like situation so
there are differences between the
different accounts here what Hannah says
here Michael says in some of these
emails nevertheless a situation in which
I'd like to be sympathetic and I would
not like to be playing this role I have
now been forced to play and you will see
that you will see exactly what magnitude
is in the reply I write to this email
and when she says Michael has been
basically my sole support through all
this I've been an extremely bad way I've
attempted suicide please not share this
you know with anyone I agree I sure do
wish I was in a position to not share
this email from anyone
I really wish your boyfriend had just
been able to have a private conversation
and leave it at that
but that is the opposite of what he has
done so she says here I just want to be
forgotten it has taken me a long time to
even come to terms with Michaels
unmasking series I'm supportive of it
simply because we cannot let the arrow
fly it's become truth reliable response
and literally counting down the days
until the series is finished so we can
live our life far away from all this
if you've watched this channel for any
length of time you've heard me say
repeatedly that I'm not a nice guy and
I'm not really even interested in
learning how to pretend to be a nice guy
however this is a very very delicate
situation in which someone who's really
not my friend not a close friend not a
distant someone who is not my friend has
just told me something deeply personal
and it's mentioned that she was recently
suicidal and that she's weeping and
ready to email to me and so this is my
level best effort to reply to that email
and you'll see we just have a couple
more e-mails back and forth but if you
think I'm not being a nice enough guy I
can apologize but you're right
I'm not a nice guy hi Hannah thanks for
taking the time and efforts right back
in reference to the Skype conversation
is that in line with what you were
called with conversation we had I reply
I don't think your regulations is wildly
inaccurate I think you found yourself in
an awkward situation as I was repeatedly
referring to durians then recent videos
as observed I've regarded them as
observed because they claimed as a fact
the two of you had sex
whereas I assume the opposite was true
based on your video I assumed that you
would then make another video or
statement of some kind that would
reiterate that the two of you had never
had sex that's showing the German writer
was lying
Anna state told me that the two of you
did have sex thus during Ryder was not
lying within that conversation you
described the sex as consensual you did
not suggest rape etc and since that time
I treated that as definitive and it was
consistent with what you said publicly
thereafter I have never had any reason
to think otherwise
and thus it is absurd for Michael to
claim that I'm supporting during Ryder
and treating your own version of events
as factual your video describing many
things in the tale for example that
durianrider stroked her hair on the
couch
etc seemed to very clearly indicate that
you had repeatedly refused during
Ryder's offers of affection with no
possibility to the two of you had sex at
all I can imagine that you were in an
awkward position in that moment of the
Skype conversation however it was an
awkward situation that you had created
with your prior video anyone who watched
her video and assumed you were telling
the truth would have thus
included that you and durianrider never
had sex at all
so yes you later clarified publicly that
you did have sex with him and that you
are not alleging rape likewise what you
said to me privately by a Skype was that
you did have sex with during writer and
that it was not rape I knew nothing else
and I still know nothing else I'm not
telepathic so if you're wondering why I
say this
in this way here keep in mind I really
do believe that everyone is innocent
until they're proven guilty I really do
believe that vegans should not be
defaming one another and at that time
there was a lot of defamation around I
don't want the fame during writer myself
I do not want to you know if someone is
not even telling me privately that yes
this was rape they have these excuses
they send me where they say well they
didn't say it was rape they also said if
they'd also did say it wasn't rape and
this kind of thing
look rape allegations are very serious
I'm not telepathic I'm not gonna read
between the lines I'm not you know
filling in the blanks here this is what
you've told me that's what I knew then
and this is still what I know now okay I
believe what you tell me but this is
what you've told me okay regarding I
really don't want to talk about this
okay don't talk about it I want to ask
you know we don't ever any title this
gun it has been extremely painful it
brings her to tears to write this
message I reply by saying I'm sorry to
hear that
durianrider hurt a lot of people you
were one of the people who stood up to
him to try to stop him so was I and as
I've said to Michael repeatedly we won
you may not realize it now and you may
not realize it for years to come but you
won his YouTube presence is discredited
and destroyed his festival is canceled
the vast majority of people who support
him in the past now realize the extent
to which he lies etc outcomes matter
winning matters in terms of actually
preventing during writer from harming
other people in future these things
matter and this is the part that blows
my mind and this really is in the
background of this corresponds for the
whole time I just can't believe that
Norvig and Michael is forcing me to be
his enemy when naturally
we ought to be on the same side we ought
to be allies so she says Michael as of
course a motive when it comes to the
subject because he has been through it
all with me I reply simply put if
Michael and I aren't on the same side
who is you mentioned you've been
suicidal that your life has been very
much disrupted and so on I can say again
I'm sorry to hear that but I've been
writing to you up to this point with
zero awareness of that side of your life
you were someone who made a bold video
against durianrider one year ago and
you're the girlfriend of someone making
three bold videos against during writer
now and above all else you were engaged
in a lawsuit or a legal case against
during writer something we had in common
not too long ago I wrote to you with
complaints with the delays in my case
the legal delays and you wrote back with
some remarks etc I had no reason to
regard you as a rape victim and no
reason to regard you as suicidal on the
contrary I had every reason to regard us
as two people who were engaged in the
same struggle short term against during
writer but also long term the struggle
for the future of the vegan movement she
says I just want to be forgotten and I
reply hey you may or may not know the
story but I changed my legal name once
upon a time there's a link to a video
talking with that you can be forgotten
it's easily done I'm on YouTube for very
different reasons so that my own
daughter can one day see my youtube
videos fundamentally I mean I feel pity
for the guy I feel sorry for the guy I
don't really know it again I don't have
any inside information about about what
a situation is but obviously there's a
lot of suffering at his end obviously in
terms of sympathy I'd like to think I
can imagine how difficult the position
he's in really is and how you know he
feels he's fighting for his own sense of
honour and dignity he's fighting for his
girlfriend so a sense of honour day to
day and you know I mean obviously early
on especially when he started lashing
out at me I just assumed was for that
reason I just assume will gut you know
this guy's got a lot of pent-up grief
and anguish and now he's lashing out at
me when obviously there are other people
he should be he should be lashing out at
but you know be that as it may I don't
hate him for that and if you read this
correspondence I I think very few people
are gonna really have the attention span
to read this correspondence I don't
interesting I think if you read it with
any sense of who I am if you're someone
who's watching my channel for a while
you will realize on the one hand on
being sceptical and reticent because
this guy has sent me really conflicting
and self contradictory information
internally so cluttered what he said to
me and what Hannah has said to me is
self-contradictory it is and secondly
you know um I'm just trying to help
like I'm just talking this guy's okay
what do you want me to do like how can I
help because basically he turned on me
at a point where he stationed this in
the earlier video at one point he just
started saying to me that I was
supporting during writers story during
writers version of events and not
Hannah's version and I was I was shocked
as how can you having this possibly be
true what do you mean and I kind of read
through what he said very carefully at
that turning point and went back and
kind of looked at my video and looked at
his videos and I said okay so what you
mean must be that even though you've
stated publicly it's not about rape
even though Hannah has stated publicly
it's not about rape even though I had
one Skype conversation with Hannah in
which there was absolutely no suggestion
whatsoever that rape was any
consideration or fact that's that the R
word came into that rape was not a
factor although sex was you know the
word sex was used in the report rape
wasn't um you know I put the pieces
together my sister so it must meet be
that what you're insinuating here is
that I'm not supporting your version of
the story because I'm not reading
between the lines that what you really
mean is that there was rape even though
you've explicitly said publicly that
there was no rape and you've said to me
in private communication email on this
one Skype conversation that there was
you know there was there was no really
here's the reply from Hannah Chloe you
will just note that I have highlighted
in yellow there her confirmation that
yes she did publicly say that there was
no rape quote Heysel thanks you reply
I'd like to address a couple of points
you made quote you described the sex is
consensual she replies I'm certain I
never described what happened in any
detail and as I said in my previous
email
the issue of consent was never addressed
well.look rape allegations are very very
serious obviously she doesn't have to
discuss with me I'm not really asking
for to discuss it with me in any detail
or what-have-you but it's not really a
defensible position to say that it's
neither rape nor consensual she replies
that is not true I have only made one
statement publicly since my video that
statement said I had not accused him of
rape
because he hadn't raped me that is a
very important statement and again
someone like nor vegan someone like
Michael has to consider seriously the
position that puts me in that's her
public position on the issue which is
not the same thing as saying that I had
sex with him I realized that it is just
semantics but this is of particular
importance to me I would never equate
what happened with him as being as he
likes to repeat adult consensual sex
well you said it's not rape so that it
was the position I was put in and anyone
following the story as I was putting it
yes I'm an adult but no it was not
consensual dr realizing the fact that
i'm confused scared and ashamed of
describing what happened i made that
statement because they were receiving an
incessant barrage of blackmail hate
messages from TR saying that he was only
defending himself because everyone
thought that i'd cried rape and that if
i stated publicly that i wasn't raped
then he would stop so i made the
statement in the hope that he would stop
and leave me alone what he actually did
was to continue making videos and
hundreds of tumblr posts that used that
statement against me I should have said
nothing but at that early stage I just
wanted to stop and made the decision
without thinking what the implications
would be I simply saw it as a means to
make it all go away in hindsight I can
see that was foolish and naive to
believe he would ever do anything as
chivalrous as keep his word okay I'm an
outsider in this case obviously I'm
going to be sensitive in my reply to
this but there are more than two sides
to every story and indeed to some extent
we have heard during writers side of the
story on his channel
at that time on the contrary I had every
reason to regard us as two people who
were gauged in the same struggle
short-term debts during writer but also
long-term the long-term sorrowful future
thinking moment she ends this by saying
this statement I agree with but I don't
think it's mutually exclusive to the
information but my personal struggle and
the pain I have now shared with you for
all the personal cost that I and you
have faced in our opposition to
durianrider it is certainly a silver
lining to think that in the long term
this will have some benefit to the vegan
movement as a whole this final paragraph
is significant in its way
because what Hannah Chloe is doing here
is exactly what Noor vegan refuses to do
Nora vegan refuses to ever admit that
I'm being reasonable and she says here
quote I can understand that having that
Skype conversation with me and then
seeing that public statement ie her
public statement just quoted that there
was no rape combined with the
innumerable times during writers
repeated this story would give you no
reason to believe it was anything but
consensual again I had spoke to Hannah
directly I had no reason to believe it
was anything but consensual and Hannah
herself acknowledges this at this stage
so I don't know wine or vegan finds it
incomprehensible nor vegan as declared
he's trying to make me seem psychopathic
sociopathic narcissistic unreasonable
well Hannah could recognize that I was
being reasonable that at this point I
had no reason to believe there was
anything but consensual Hannah can
recognize that nor vegan can't or
chooses not to and thus he creating
conflict where there shouldn't be any
conflict he's creating drama where there
should not be any drama a continuum a
quotation I think that a lot of this
will be addressed in Michaels video vote
me too we can prove a lot of what during
writers said to be lies and my story's
consistent with several of things like
messages mother and women which would be
too coincidental for us to manufacture
nor vegan you should have just let this
conflict cease to exist at this point I
myself had repeatedly argued to you
express to you we had no reason to be
enemies but you insisted on making
of me you insisted on making private
correspondence public you repeatedly
declared to me that you were gonna prove
to the world what a terrible person I am
but everybody already knows I'm a
terrible person but your girlfriend
Hannah was fundamentally being
reasonable here and just saying
acknowledging I'd spoken to her
privately by email and by Skype I had
read the public statements there was no
reason for me to think the sex was
anything but consensual she sees it
you can't or you won't so I can to some
extent sympathize the position he was in
as stated you know I just imagine that
being a tremendously stressful I mean
he's in a defensive position where for
his own honor and his girlfriend's sake
of Honor and he probably feels he's
working against a huge crowd of very
angry during writer supporters you know
I'm it's not hard for me to imagine what
that's like his his public position but
he seems to be incapable of sympathizing
with my position and I really do lay all
my cards on table I'm completely honest
open with this guy and he responds back
by accusing me of being manipulative
again and again this kind of thing and
it's just it's just counterproductive
and then all I could say was okay what
do you want me to do and when he said to
me okay I want you to apology I can do
an apology video that's something I know
how to do but it's like look you why
can't you since I was the position I'm
in where you you've really contradicted
yourself it's not as if at any stage he
just wrote to me in a down-to-earth calm
way and said hey that well not not until
yesterday you know when I made the
apology video for the first time he sent
me an email that said that yes this is
about the r-word this is about rape and
that he's he's trying to make a case for
it okay that I can understand but until
we got to that point and again I got
email from Hannah also you put me in a
completely impossible situation where
what you're telling me privately is
internally contradictory and what I'm
saying is look up until now I've only
known what you said publicly why can't
you recognize that what you said
publicly repeatedly was denying that
there was any rape denying the sensitive
way so I'm not gonna read out every word
of this email I'm just
show you a series of screenshots this is
my reply at this stage to Hannah and
what's being alluded to here I'm not
showing you all the email received from
Michael at this time as this says h1 hi
Hannah my girlfriend I sat down and we
watched the main video perhaps the only
video ever made address to you in your
situation the one title on Hannah
Chloe's situation sex itself I would say
again that Michaels messages to me
yesterday were simply insane so that's
the side of this correspondence
you're not seeing here and I stand by
that those messages were so deranged
that Michael really convinced me that he
is a dangerous person that he is not and
then he's a person with serious
psychological problems anyway so this is
the only video that Michael was was
offended by because it's the only video
I did on this topic and I say here
highlighted there is absolutely nothing
in this video that supports durianrider
and nothing that suggests I've been
brainwashed by durianrider nor even that
durianrider was a source information me
so that is again that's what Michael got
into and I guess he was again I'll know
if he was temporarily going crazy or to
what extent this is permanent but that's
what Noor vegan was writing to me saying
he was writing to be saying that my
earlier video shows that I was
brainwashed by durianrider that I was
supporting during a mightor's version of
events in contrast to Hannah's version
of events I think I made it very clear
now that's not true and again even
Hannah in the email I just quoted you
Hannah could see that what I was saying
was reasonable given both what she said
publicly and even what she said to me
privately in email and Skype
conversations up to that point so guys
you can hit pause here you know I'm
trying to be reasonable but it was
exhausting it took a lot of time and
emotional energy to deal with these you
know frankly really abusive and horrible
emails I was getting from Noor vegan and
none of them ever seemed willing to
recognize that I was involved in this
and the limited way I was just with good
intentions so you know I'm and again
credit to Hannah and it did recognize
that and I thank her for that but this
email reply to Hannah shows the fact
that I had gotten exasperated I had
heard enough of Michael writing to me
and telling
me that I'm a narcissist which he now
claims that I'm some kind of psychopath
that I have no sympathy that I'm a
terrible person and that I was boy watch
battery writer and so that I was
supporting durianrider in videos I made
that were obviously on the contrary
supporting Hana and sympathetic to
Hannah's position as much as I knew it
and obviously I was part of an ongoing
court case against the rain writer as
well as you know speaking what I thought
was the truth about what was wrong and
bad in in his message so you know it's a
shame I did the best I could if you have
the patience to read this email
correspondence and you have any sense of
my character I mean I think he's reading
this stuff in a really paranoid state of
mind really defensive state of mind
where he feels everything I'm doing is
secretly manipulative there's a hidden
agenda
everything has a double meaning this
kind of thing and there just isn't it
just isn't
Michael I mean Michael you're basically
a complete stranger to me but you know
ultimately when I read this stuff I feel
nothing but on the one hand the sense of
agony and confusion coming for your and
at the email and you know it's none of
my business I'm just trying to help in
the incredibly limited way that I can
help and as they say and maybe the
second last email in this sequence you
know towards the end they don't look man
you've got to learn from during writers
mistakes you've got to learn to accept
reasonable criticism or that other
people are just imperfect one of during
writers mistakes was that whenever we
talked to people he treated them like I
either you're a hundred percent a
durianrider supporter or you were a
hundred percent his enemy and my
position is like Noir vegan I don't know
you man given the fragmentary and
contradictory formation give me how can
you expect me to be 100 percent your
supporter just given the contrast
between what your vegan wrote to me and
what Hannah said to me and what Hannah
wrote to me how can you expect me to be
your hunters before supporter it would
be impossible for me to support you on
its I can just sit here and tell you
look man this is this is all I know and
this is a this is a mess so so I don't
know anything it's not like I can make a
public statement just not like I can
make a public statement supporting you
when this is this is all I know and
wasn't asking me he wasn't asked me to
make a public statement it was purely
private correspondence until now when he
could says again not for the first time
he's gonna take all this prep course
when I make all this private
correspondence and he's gonna post on it
okay well if that's how it's got to be
managed that's this is you've made
that's how it's got to be so this now is
finally the Dean um all to this video
and the explanation for why this video
had to be made at all um obviously I
have not displayed every single piece of
email from him to me or for me to him I
don't even know how many there are but I
do feel this has been a concise
encapsulation of more than anyone could
possibly need to know and as you're
about to see my reason for doing it is
basically because Michael has forced me
to
so Michael wrote to me saying hi I was
told you know calling me a liar publicly
can you give me the specifics as I like
to defend myself against these
accusations
now he's creating conflict out of
nothing already at this stage if he
wanted to write to me and say hey I
wanted to reassure you I was only
trolling in that video this issues
already been covered in my apology video
like what the underlying situation is
here he could have just written to me
saying hey look I know you called me a
liar but from my perspective I wasn't
lying I was only trolling which is
pretty close he was making intentionally
false misleading statements but he
considers it not lying okay
I mean I can respect that it's a
difference of opinion but okay he claims
that that video I was referring to as
being misleading he claims it was
trolling to me I said well maybe he's
lying maybe he was misled or confused I
said a few things along those lines but
there is no reason for us to be in
conflict with each other and he's not
resolving the conflict here he's only
working to escalate it I write back
saying I haven't accused you of anything
you have nothing to defend yourself
against which i think is quite a
reasonable statement I mean you know I
mentioned in passing well I don't know
maybe he just didn't understand what
happened at YouTube maybe he was lying I
don't know but there's really no reason
from defend himself it's ridiculous have
a good time in Hawaii I hope you'll make
a video on history of the genocide there
or at least a video reflecting on how
close to extinction the indigenous
language is related article real people
do real thing
and guys that's in character for me
that's who I am I care a lot about
indigenous languages and language
extinction
anyone who has email with me knows I
bring that up at all kinds of points but
look you know I gave him an out there
and on the other hand again if you
actually want to resolve the underlying
issue he could write back saying that he
was trolling or apologizing for
misleading the public in that video he
made but nothing of the kind he writes
back saying you sound like you're
accusing me of being a liar you say I
seen him lie myself it's important that
people don't think I'm a liar with the
stuff I'm about to come up with come out
with any kind of assumes that I know
what that means and I don't but all
right he's coming up with something well
quality email correspondence with nor
vegan Michael you're trying to create
conflict with me again where there's no
reasonable basis for conflict this is
not the first time but he can't just let
it rest he writes back saying aisel you
called me a liar publicly I want to
respond your accusation you did this now
be a man and give me the specifics so I
can shut you down and well no it's all
right being called a liar by you again
this is really exaggerating what
happened in the original video and again
he basically admits a lot 90% of lying
and admitting that he was trolling but
he's still really clear claims that he
wasn't a liar all right all right
Michael so you are creating a conflict
where there's no reason for conflict
between us and again if you read every
word of this email you will see that he
does not take this opportunity to admit
that he was merely cruel trolling he
does not admit what the underlying
issues were I then write him a long
email and reply that summarizes the past
situation about the r-word about rape
etc and you can read this summary but
given that I've just gone over the
original correspondence I think I don't
need to read out to you point one here
so hit pause if you want to read every
word of this I draw your attention to
the lower paragraph on this screen where
I say the fundamental problem is that
noir vegan is reproducing during writers
behavior it isn't possible for me to
have good intentions and to wish the
best for you and Hanna and for me to
admit that I find her email to me
unreasonable and self contradictory also
hateful and abusive and insulting I mean
the guy was constantly calling me a you
know a narcissist and saying what a
terrible person I am but whatever it
isn't possible for me to have genuine
questions or to express genuine concern
either I'm a hundred percent supporting
you or else I'm 100 percent against you
that's the way that you behave Michael
and I've said to you repeatedly that you
have been extremely bullying toward me
when there was no reason for you to be
so you have also displayed paranoia to a
very real extent and you have been
totally dismissive my attempts to be
conciliatory and helpful even when for
example you really understood the
meaning of the English words I was using
English as your second or third language
that's referring to this business with
the meaning of the word affair but it's
also true he refused my attempts where I
just offered to talk to him on skype or
try to somehow resolve the conflict
because I felt there was no need for any
conflict like durianrider Michael you
need to be able to accept reasonable
criticism without treating people as
your enemies someone asked me in a live
conversation about the incongruous
contrast between the claims you made in
that video and the fact that during
writers channel has now been reinstated
you guys can read this it's me trying to
be reasonable with an unreasonable
person just hit pause if you want to
read every word of it number three here
so I'm not mousy about this I mean you
know my overall impression of this guy
of Nohr vegan is indeed that he's a
terrible person and that he has some
kind of really strange moral superiority
complex where he's highly motivated to
tell the world what a terrible person I
am
you
I closed this by saying unlike yourself
Michael during writer really was trying
to save the world you're just trying to
hurt people what are you trying to do
right now you're trying to hurt me
you're not interested in the future of
the vegan movement you're not trying to
save the planet help the animals or
anything else you're creating drama for
the sake of drama you're trying to hurt
someone whom you only met in the first
place because he tried to help you and
that person is me
you guys can hit pause you want to see
this so here's his reply he's again just
escalating the situation there's no
possibility of a positive resolution
with this guy you guys are probably
bored of the underlying facts they've
been discussed repeatedly in this video
hit pause you want to see what he says
here the message goes on hit pause if
you want to and this is him defending
himself claiming that he wasn't lying he
was only trolling so he goes through
sentence by sentence here that
technically he wasn't lying he was
merely misleading people not not exactly
lying them okay okay Michael I believe
you fine and again he accuses me of
being a narcissist is not productive its
lies I'm really trying to you know
address your concerns and deescalate the
situation he only wants to escalate he
only wants to create confident there's
no reason for conflict you know he
really misrepresents everything I've
said and why I've said it here just
trying to make a bad situation worse
you know his gloss on what I said in the
earlier email is thanks for saying ha
worse than a rapist well I made a
specific comment about a contrast in him
and durianrider because he is someone
who's shown no sincere interest in the
future there being a moment and
durianrider is at least a mixed bag
remember all these people used to be
friends of Durant writers Hannah used to
be a friend of Darien riders all kinds
of people I know you know um
Jason fizzy no you know I've known a lot
of people who used to be friends during
writers and one of the reasons they were
was that he was sincerely he was a
sincere activist at some stage she
seemed to be sincerely to care about
these things that sincere way and I made
a very specific statement to you Michael
that yeah you know if I got a deal with
you and I got to deal with during writer
I'd rather deal with during writer
because at least some little part of him
is sincerely concerned about the future
of the vegan movement and Michael I've
been dealing with you for so many hours
now and by your own account you're not
you're not you're just trying to hurt
people and now it looks like you got
bored of trying to hurt during writer
and you're trying to hurt me with so
little reason and with so little
possible tell us the vote come so here's
my really brief reply one okay I will
immediately shoe an apology on YouTube I
will send you the link which I did too I
completely accept all of your
allegations that
terrible person not only do I agree I
wish to insist that I'm a much worse
person you could possibly imagine three
again many of the comments in my prior
message and the first prior
correspondence should still be useful to
you you have made vague confusing self
contradictory statements to me and it's
unreasonable that you'd expect me to
conclude that your videos were about
rape allegations based on what Hannah
said to me directly and what Hannah said
publicly again I've shown you the clip
of Hannah agreeing with me on that that
yeah the conclusions I came to were
reasonable given what she said to me in
that Skype conversation in email and her
public statements that there was no rape
and here he is this I think is yeah this
is we finally gotten back to the
beginning I put this image up at the
start this is why the video exists here
he is stating his final resolution that
no my attempt to make an apology video
is wasted my apology totally fails to
satisfy him because he's a completely
reasonable person he can't see any good
intentions in what I've done he reads
everything I do as manipulative and evil
even when I'm apologizing to him even
when I'm trying to de-escalate the
situation resolved the conflict there's
no de-escalating with him there's no
plaque aiding him you can pause this and
read it you may have seen it before in
this video but that is that the last I
will ever hear from Norfolk in' I you
know I don't really understand the total
lack of sympathy from his side or he
can't just see that look even if all the
negative things to say but says above a
tree even from a terrible person from a
deeply flawed person well I'm a deeply
flawed person who's trying to be on your
side even if you think I've made the
terrible mistake of supporting Doreen
Ryder's version of events you know
that's not intentional you know I'm not
out here trying to support their in
Ryder so if you're not going to have the
time and detachment and care to sit down
and talk me through this or something if
you're not gonna come clean with me if I
can't negotiate with you if I can't work
with you basically make it impossible
for me to support you and then again he
sees it the same way during Ryder does
he reacts as if either you're a hundred
percent of supporter or is a hundred
percent or you're a hundred percent as
enemy so that's a that's a goddamn shame
nor vigan the only time we ever talked
about it you know you said to me that
you have no interest in being a thing
activists or the future of the movement
and I take you at your word
fundamentally I don't really want to
write to you or talk to you just for
that reason when I look at people I meet
on the Internet the basic question I ask
myself is is this someone I can
cooperate with to make something
positive happen in veganism its
political movement in the next five
years and when I asked you that Michael
when I asked you that nor vegan your
answer was no you would absolutely know
what just do anything positive and you
know I don't hate you for that but
fundamentally that means we just have no
reason to talk to each other we have no
reason to be involved in Joe's business
today I want to talk about there are
three different types of people when
people talk about and number one the
start at the bottom number one there's
people that talk about gossip right they
talk about other people
they're just gossip Queens all they do
is talk about other people you know
that's that's basically what their life
is based on is they have nothing else
better to talk about than other people
just gossip Queens then you have people
that just talk about things you know
cars motorcycles you know just useless
things that's you know their main
conversation pieces things now number
three and this is the category I put
myself in is people that talk about
ideas their brain is constantly working
on new concepts possibly new business
ideas ways to make money we're talking
about new things you follow me so we got
the gossipers people to talk about
things and gossipers basically is you
know where let's say you're you're with
a buddy grab some lunch you're like hey
bro dude I got this [ __ ] in trouble
business idea oh my god so what I'm
going to do is you start telling it's
like it's like oh dude check out our
Facebook look at it
look what so-and-so is doing on Facebook
and you're like like that's what your
life consists of they're talking about
[ __ ] Facebook I mean that's an
example of a gossip now so these three
types of people gossip
you'll talk about things and people that
talk about ideas a bonus yen